1 - How good is you English?

Well, I understand almost everything, but I still have to improve my speaking. 
But I watch a lot videos in English everyday about Programing, music and other videos. I’m make conversation classes
My level of English is not so high, but i keep studying and improving it day after day

2 - Tell me little bit about you?

I From SC, I'm 32 years olds, 
I'm living 25 year in Timbó SC, Is a small city beside Blumenau
in 2018 (twenty eighteen) I went to SP for to work in IBM
I have a girlfriend, she live with me, she learng Programing in butcamp for girls, name's is Laboratoria

We dated 10 years

3 - what’s your background?

I have technical course in Programing in finish in 2012 (twent twelve), 
course have 2 years of durations, focus in programin, and now I styding software engineer in UNICESSUMAR, 
I'm half of the course, more 2 year for finish. classes are online.

For Sistemas (2013) (twelve thirteen)(2 years and 3 months)
For Sistema in Timbó, my city, the small company. 
4 peaples, put a I larned a lot, ERP softwares in general and small project with ardunio, 
the eletronic bord, I worked with is, for exemple the integrated house, the lights and others things

Senior Sistemas (2015) (twelve fifteen)(3 years)
I start in Senior Sistemas, Is a software house in human Resources, In this company I sterted full frontend,
with AngularJs the first version, in beta. I was a Junior developer, I worked the awesome peoples and 
I larn a lot, very god, I have the good memorys

* IBM (2018)(twelve eighteen)(7 months)

I came from SP for work at IBM, awesome experince, new city, new jobs, othes peoplos, I get the
subaway the first time in my live. Its so cool for me. At IBM I from alocated in Big bank for work 
frontend developer stay in that project 7 months 

Subject: car finance

* GFT (2018)(twelve eighteen)(4 months)

Start GFT IT consulting and allocated in other big bank project abount opening account from Paraguay, small project,
with new version Angular 8, lasted 4 months.

* Safra(2018)(twelve eighteen)(1 year and 5 months)

Big bank, I'm worked in big project a lot peoples use our application, I'm worked in this project like a 
fullstack, in the frontend angular and backend node.

Banco Original(2020 - twelve twelve)(1 year)

It's my current job. I work in this new project, I'm work like a fullstack, project it's clound with AWS.
Backend it's node and Frondend it's angular 10. 

**** I don't talk more abount this project. ****


4 - what do you like to do in your free time?

In my free time a like play guitar, play games in xbox or switch, watch movies and series.

5 - Are you satisfied with your career?

I would like to change a little bit, change angular for react, I am studying very hard reactJs
and I'm create a new project for larning reactjs, its a game of the music, have 2 notes, and play one sound,
and select the correct note. (https://guitarnotes.com.br/)

6 - Do you consider yourself successful?

Yes, because I’ve already achieved my main goals, and i’m sure that in this company, I willl continue in this path…


 - I was to prepare for interview
